Let's actually run through a scenario.
So let's say we have a designer, engineer,
and a quality assurance engineer
all working on building, testing,
and designing this button.
And let's say they're about $100 an hour.
Okay, so that's $300 per hour.
And let's say it takes a week and a half.
So that's about 66.6
hours of work per person.
That's $20,000 dollars.
And if you have 50 teams, like if you work
at a large enterprise company like IBM or
Google, if you have 50 teams and
building buttons, that's a lot of money.
That's a million dollars that
you're spending on buttons,
which is utterly absurd to me.
So you really need a design system.
So there are three kind of
pillars of design systems and
they are the design language, the
component library, and the style guide.
So the design language is gonna
be like your personality,
you're gonna take your brand
identity of your company and
you're gonna put it into living breathing
components and foundational elements.
So the foundation is color, typography,
grid, those kinds of things.
And the UI kit they're gonna be
things like buttons, modols,
anything that's designed as a component,
which we'll be creating today.
Then we take those design components and
we actually build them
into a component library.
And we can build it with a ton
of different frameworks and
technologies like Vue, React, Angular.
You can use CSS,
pre-processors, CSS-in-JS.
We'll talk about these things today.
But the important thing is if
you're building a design system,
you need to meet your
developers where they're at.
So if they're using Angular, don't build
them a design system component library in
React, they're not gonna use it.
So just be aware of kind of like
what the current tech stack is and
try to frame your system around that.
And the style guide is the documentation,
it tells your designers and
engineers where to go to get assets,
how to actually get up and running.
How to integrate it, how to open pull
requests and things like that and
there are many technologies you
can use to build your style guide.
We're gonna use story book today.
I love using Gatsby, I use Gatsby at work
and this is great if you work with React.
You can also use other static site
generators for different frameworks.
But these are just a couple of tools.